CC-23111 Update agent assist IGs with agent session validation plugins. (#1364)
spryker/spryker-docs: _includes/pbc/all/install-features/202212.0/install-the-agent-assist-feature.md

| Product      | {{site.version}} | [Install the Spryker Core Back Office feature](/docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/{{site.version}}/install-and-upgrade/install-the-spryker-core-back-office-feature.html) |
| Cart         | {{site.version}} | [Customer Account Management](/docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/{{site.version}}/customer-account-management-feature-integration.html)                                  |

### 1) Install the required modules using composer

Run the following command to install the required modules:

```bash
composer require spryker-feature/agent-assist:"{{site.version}}" --update-with-dependencies
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Ensure that the following modules have been installed:

| MODULE                          | EXPECTED DIRECTORY                               |
|---------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| Agent                           | vendor/spryker/agent                             |
| AgentGui                        | vendor/spryker/agent-gui                         |

> | SessionAgentValidation          | vendor/spryker-shop/session-agent-validation     |

Reviewer: SprykerShop module belongs to the frontend integration part.

> | SessionAgentValidationExtension | spryker-shop/session-agent-validation-extension  |

Reviewer: Extension modules are usually excluded from the verification since their installation is not a question of whether the developer did something wrong, but just composer functioning.

agent.authentication.failed,Authentifizierung fehlgeschlagen,de_DE
agent.login.title,Access your account,en_US
agent.login.title,Ich bin bereits Kunde,de_DE
agent.confirm_user_selection,Confirm,en_US
agent.confirm_user_selection,Bestätigen,de_DE
agent.login.email,Email,en_US
agent.login.email,E-Mail,de_DE
agent.login.password,Password,en_US
agent.login.password,Passwort,de_DE
agent.control_bar.username,Agent: %username%,en_US
agent.control_bar.username,Agent: %username%,de_DE
agent.control_bar.customer_name,Customer: %username%,en_US
agent.control_bar.customer_name,Kunde: %username%,de_DE
agent.control_bar.logout_as_customer,End Customer Assistance,en_US
agent.control_bar.logout_as_customer,Kunden-Assistenz beenden,de_DE
agent.control_bar.logout,Logout,en_US
agent.control_bar.logout,Abmelden,de_DE
agent.autocomplete.no_results,No results found,en_US
agent.autocomplete.no_results,Keine Ergebnisse gefunden,de_DE
autocomplete.placeholder,Search,en_US
autocomplete.placeholder,Suche,de_DE
```

2. Run the following command to add the glossary keys:

```bash
console data:import:glossary
```

### 4) Enable controllers

Enable the following controllers.

> #### Service provider list

Reviewer: This part has been deprecated for 3 years. We should replace this with `AgentPageSecurityPlugin` installation instructions.

use SprykerShop\Yves\SessionAgentValidation\SessionAgentValidationDependencyProvider as SprykerSessionAgentValidationDependencyProvider;
use SprykerShop\Yves\SessionAgentValidationExtension\Dependency\Plugin\SessionAgentSaverPluginInterface;
use SprykerShop\Yves\SessionAgentValidationExtension\Dependency\Plugin\SessionAgentValidatorPluginInterface;

class SessionAgentValidationDependencyProvider extends SprykerSessionAgentValidationDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return \SprykerShop\Yves\SessionAgentValidationExtension\Dependency\Plugin\SessionAgentSaverPluginInterface
     */
    protected function getSessionAgentSaverPlugin(): SessionAgentSaverPluginInterface
    {
        return new SessionFileSessionAgentSaverPlugin();
    }

    /**
     * @return \SprykerShop\Yves\SessionAgentValidationExtension\Dependency\Plugin\SessionAgentValidatorPluginInterface
     */
    protected function getSessionAgentValidatorPlugin(): SessionAgentValidatorPluginInterface
    {
        return new SessionFileSessionAgentValidatorPlugin();
    }
}
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

1. Log in as an agent.

> 2. Verify that the session key was added to a storage (Redis or File).

Reviewer: It might be a good idea to say how exactly to do this for file or Redis. We probably need two separate verification sections then.

This document describes how to integrate the [Agent Assist](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{site.version}}/agent-assist-feature-overview.html) feature into a Spryker project.

## Install feature core

> Follow the steps below to install the feature core.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to install the Agent Assist feature core.
```

| UserAgentTableConfigExpanderPlugin | 1. In the Back Office, go to **Users** > **Users**. <br>2. Ensure that the *Agent* column exists.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| UserAgentTableDataExpanderPlugin   | 1. In the *Back Office*, go to **Users** > **Users**. <br>2. Select **Edit** next to a non-agent user. <br>3. Select the **This user is an agent** checkbox. <br>4. Select **Update**. This takes you to the *Users List* page with the message about successful update displayed. <br>5. Ensure that in the *Agent* column next to the user you've updated, the *Agent* tag is displayed. |

{% endinfo_block %}

> ## Install feature front end

Reviewer 2: "frontend" is correct
```suggestion
## Install feature frontend
```

> Follow the steps below to install the feature front end.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to install the feature frontend.
```

### Prerequisites

To start feature integration, overview and install the necessary features:

| NAME         | VERSION          |
|--------------|------------------|
| Spryker Core | {{site.version}} |

### 1) Install the required modules using Composer

Run the following command to install the required modules:

```bash
composer require spryker-feature/agent-assist:"{{site.version}}" --update-with-dependencies
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Ensure that the following modules have been installed:

| MODULE                 | EXPECTED DIRECTORY                           |
|------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| AgentPage              | vendor/spryker-shop/agent-page               |
| AgentWidget            | vendor/spryker-shop/agent-widget             |
| SessionAgentValidation | vendor/spryker-shop/session-agent-validation |

{% endinfo_block %}

### 2) Set up configuration

> By default, in Spryker, posting login form (where SecurityBlocker will make its check and block agents who made too many failed login attempts) is locale-independent. So, to be able to see error messages translated into different languages, you need to configure the locale to be added to the agent login path. You can do this by modifying the following configs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, in Spryker, posting a login form (where SecurityBlocker makes its check and blocks agents who made too many failed login attempts) is locale-independent. So, to see error messages translated into different languages, you need to configure the locale to be added to the agent login path. You can do this by modifying the following configs:
```

use SprykerShop\Yves\SessionAgentValidationExtension\Dependency\Plugin\SessionAgentValidatorPluginInterface;

class SessionAgentValidationDependencyProvider extends SprykerSessionAgentValidationDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return \SprykerShop\Yves\SessionAgentValidationExtension\Dependency\Plugin\SessionAgentSaverPluginInterface
     */
    protected function getSessionAgentSaverPlugin(): SessionAgentSaverPluginInterface
    {
        return new SessionFileSessionAgentSaverPlugin();
    }

    /**
     * @return \SprykerShop\Yves\SessionAgentValidationExtension\Dependency\Plugin\SessionAgentValidatorPluginInterface
     */
    protected function getSessionAgentValidatorPlugin(): SessionAgentValidatorPluginInterface
    {
        return new SessionFileSessionAgentValidatorPlugin();
    }
}
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

1. Log in as an agent.
2. Ensure that a file in the following path exists and contains data:
   `data/session/session:agent:{% raw %}{{{% endraw %}agent_id{% raw %}}}{% endraw %}`
3. Changed the session data to an invalid value.
4. Verify that the agent was logged out.

{% endinfo_block %}

### 6) Set up widgets

> Set up widgets as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    protected function getSecurityPlugins(): array
    {
        return [

>             ...

Reviewer: I do not think we do this is our documentation. The code in the snippet should be fully valid without any cleanups. Please remove the `...`.

Author: @limeeugenia - removed.
